Sometimes however you just can't get the layout right.
With percentage with and hardcoded pixels like this sometimes you really need to know how many pixels
you have a whale.
For example here on the buttons where we set a width of one hundred we said one hundred no matter what
the device size is.
No actually we know that we want to have cute buttons sit next to jobber.
So what we can do is we can simply ensure that we take a button with that always fits on the screen
no matter how small that is.
And for Dad we need to find out how many pixels we have a weight level in width and that's something
we can find out with the help of React Native there from React Native.
You can import de dimensions object here dimensions is the name.
Now this is now not a component which you use instead this object that allows you to find out how much
with you have a weight level.
Now we can use this for example down there where we set our button with instead of setting it like this
we can set our with two dimensions.
And then there is a get method where you can get the dimensions of the window.
You can always get it off the screen.
The difference between window and screen only matters on Android Wear with window the status bar height
will be excluded from the calculation.
And therefore this will be really well.
The part of the screen where your content will live.
So you should typically use window here because on ice it does matter.
On Android is guaranteed to be well the part of the screen your UI really sits in without that status
bar at the top.
So typically you might want to use window here to get the real room you have a level for your layout.
The real dimensions you can use for your layout and what this gives you as an object where you can get
a couple of properties for to be precise.
The fun scale the user set up so for example if users want to have a bigger funds than you could get
the multiplier here with F1 scale.
But most important you get the width and the height and if we get the width here then we get the overall
width of the device.
This app runs on.
Now we know we want to squeeze at least two buttons into this device here so we could simply divide
this pie.
Q So now that each button is half as wide as the device.
Now if we saved as we don't really get the look we want because of course that's too big.
But if we divide this by free for example then this already looks better on the small screen not on
the big one though.
But how about for if we take forward and we have plenty of space for all the other space we need like
the spacing around our container and we ensure that our buttons always kind of respect the device size.
Now of course here you could have achieved something similar by setting with to a percentage like 40
percent here but all of them wanted to introduce two dimensions API here which we will use later as
well.
It's a great API for finding out how many pixels you have away lable on the width and on the height
on the device or running on.
And that's important where percentage here always refers to the direct parent to you and not always
to the away label width of the device.
That only is the case on the mode topmost parent.
So to say is on the topmost view your rendering dimensions get window always gives you dimensions for
the entire device no matter where you use it.
So with here always is the width of our screen on the device and never off the parent or anything else.
So this can be really useful if you want to style something in a certain way or size something in a
certain way because this tells you how much with you have available.